c:\users\fabio\source\repos\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade.Faturamento\bin\Any CPU\Release\netcoreapp2.0\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade.Servico.deps.json
c:\users\fabio\source\repos\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade.Faturamento\bin\Any CPU\Release\netcoreapp2.0\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade.Servico.runtimeconfig.json
c:\users\fabio\source\repos\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade.Faturamento\bin\Any CPU\Release\netcoreapp2.0\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade.Servico.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\users\fabio\source\repos\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade.Faturamento\bin\Any CPU\Release\netcoreapp2.0\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade.Servico.dll
c:\users\fabio\source\repos\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade.Faturamento\bin\Any CPU\Release\netcoreapp2.0\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade.Servico.pdb
c:\users\fabio\source\repos\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade.Faturamento\bin\Any CPU\Release\netcoreapp2.0\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade.Dominio.dll
c:\users\fabio\source\repos\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade.Faturamento\bin\Any CPU\Release\netcoreapp2.0\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade.Dominio.pdb
c:\users\fabio\source\repos\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade.Faturamento\obj\Any CPU\Release\netcoreapp2.0\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade.Servico.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\fabio\source\repos\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade.Faturamento\obj\Any CPU\Release\netcoreapp2.0\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade.Servico.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\fabio\source\repos\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade.Faturamento\obj\Any CPU\Release\netcoreapp2.0\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade.Servico.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\users\fabio\source\repos\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade.Faturamento\obj\Any CPU\Release\netcoreapp2.0\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade.Servico.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\users\fabio\source\repos\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade.Faturamento\obj\Any CPU\Release\netcoreapp2.0\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade.Servico.dll
c:\users\fabio\source\repos\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade.Faturamento\obj\Any CPU\Release\netcoreapp2.0\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade.Servico.pdb
C:\Main\Contabilidade\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade.Faturamento\bin\Any CPU\Release\netcoreapp2.0\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade.Servico.deps.json
C:\Main\Contabilidade\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade.Faturamento\bin\Any CPU\Release\netcoreapp2.0\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade.Servico.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Main\Contabilidade\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade.Faturamento\bin\Any CPU\Release\netcoreapp2.0\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade.Servico.runtimeconfig.dev.json
C:\Main\Contabilidade\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade.Faturamento\bin\Any CPU\Release\netcoreapp2.0\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade.Servico.dll
C:\Main\Contabilidade\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade.Faturamento\bin\Any CPU\Release\netcoreapp2.0\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade.Servico.pdb
C:\Main\Contabilidade\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade.Faturamento\bin\Any CPU\Release\netcoreapp2.0\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade.Dominio.dll
C:\Main\Contabilidade\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade.Faturamento\bin\Any CPU\Release\netcoreapp2.0\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade.Dominio.pdb
C:\Main\Contabilidade\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade.Faturamento\obj\Any CPU\Release\netcoreapp2.0\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade.Servico.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Main\Contabilidade\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade.Faturamento\obj\Any CPU\Release\netcoreapp2.0\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade.Servico.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Main\Contabilidade\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade.Faturamento\obj\Any CPU\Release\netcoreapp2.0\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade.Servico.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Main\Contabilidade\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade.Faturamento\obj\Any CPU\Release\netcoreapp2.0\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade.Servico.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Main\Contabilidade\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade.Faturamento\obj\Any CPU\Release\netcoreapp2.0\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade.Servico.dll
C:\Main\Contabilidade\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade.Faturamento\obj\Any CPU\Release\netcoreapp2.0\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade.Servico.pdb
C:\Main\Contabilidade\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade.Faturamento\bin\Any CPU\Release\netcoreapp2.0\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade.Crawler.dll
C:\Main\Contabilidade\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade.Faturamento\bin\Any CPU\Release\netcoreapp2.0\ResolveCaptcha.dll
C:\Main\Contabilidade\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade.Faturamento\bin\Any CPU\Release\netcoreapp2.0\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade.Crawler.pdb
C:\Main\Contabilidade\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade\GerenciadorFC.Contabilidade.Faturamento\bin\Any CPU\Release\netcoreapp2.0\ResolveCaptcha.pdb
